fix(curriculum): Rewrote budget app description (#61737)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-budget-app/5e44413e903586ffb414c94e.md

# --description--

> In this lab, you will build a simple budget app by implementing a Python `Category` class and a `create_spend_chart` function to visualize spending across categories. You will produce exact string outputs to satisfy the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lab, you will build a simple budget app that tracks spending in different categories and can show the relative spending percentage on a graph.
```

introductions do not talk about implrementation

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories:**

> 1. Implement a `Category` class that can instantiate objects for budget categories like *food*, *clothing*, and *entertainment*. When creating an object, pass in the name of the category. The class must have an instance variable called `ledger` that is a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should have a `Category` class that accepts a name as argument.
1. `Category` should have an instance variable `ledger` that is a list, and contains the list of transactions.
```

5. You should have a `check_funds` method that accepts an amount and returns `False` if it exceeds the balance or `True` otherwise; this must be used by both `withdraw` and `transfer`.  
6. When a `Category` object is printed, it should:  
   - Display a title line of 30 characters with the category name centered in `*`.  
   - List each `ledger` entry with up to 23 characters of its description left-aligned and the amount right-aligned (two decimal places, max 7 characters).  
   - Show a final line `Total: <balance>`.  
7. You should have a function `create_spend_chart(categories)` that returns a bar-chart string titled `Percentage spent by category`. It must:  
   - Calculate percentages from withdrawals only, rounded down to the nearest 10.  
   - Label the y-axis from `100` down to `0` in steps of 10.  
   - Use `o` for the bars, a horizontal line two spaces past the last bar, and write category names vertically below.  
8. The chart function will be tested with up to four categories.  

> 9. Look at the example output below very closely and make sure the spacing matches exactly.  

Reviewer: the example below is not for the `create_spend_chart` function, it is for the string rapresentation of the `Category` class, it is in the wrong place

Author: Thank you for taking the time to review my PR! I apologize for the wrong placement of examples. I have modified the markdown based on the two changes you suggested. Please let me know if this is what you expected. @ilenia-magoni

# --description--

> In this lab, you will complete the `Category` class which should be able to instantiate objects based on different budget categories like *food*, *clothing*, and *entertainment*. When objects are created, they are passed in the name of the category. The class should have an instance variable called `ledger` that is a list. The class should also contain the following methods:

Reviewer: the part about `ledger`, why is it here and not in an user story?

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories:**

> 1. You should have a `deposit` method that accepts an amount and an optional description (default `""`) and appends `{'amount': amount, 'description': description}` to `ledger`.  

Reviewer: a `deposit` method on what? there is no user story about creating a class

Reviewer: also where is `ledger` coming from? no instructions to create it either

5. You should have a `check_funds` method that accepts an amount and returns `False` if it exceeds the balance or `True` otherwise; this must be used by both `withdraw` and `transfer`.  
6. When a `Category` object is printed, it should:  
   - Display a title line of 30 characters with the category name centered in `*`.  
   - List each `ledger` entry with up to 23 characters of its description left-aligned and the amount right-aligned (two decimal places, max 7 characters).  
   - Show a final line `Total: <balance>`.
   
   Here is an example usage:
   
   ```py
   food = Category('Food')
   food.deposit(1000, 'deposit')
   food.withdraw(10.15, 'groceries')
   food.withdraw(15.89, 'restaurant and more food for dessert')
   clothing = Category('Clothing')
   food.transfer(50, clothing)
   print(food)
   ```

   And here is an example of the output:

   ```bash
   *************Food*************
   initial deposit        1000.00
   groceries               -10.15
   restaurant and more foo -15.89
   Transfer to Clothing    -50.00
   Total: 923.96
   ```

> 7. You should have a function `create_spend_chart(categories)` that returns a bar-chart string titled `Percentage spent by category`. It must:  

Reviewer: mention that is outside the `Category` class

   - Calculate percentages from withdrawals only, rounded down to the nearest 10.  
   - Label the y-axis from `100` down to `0` in steps of 10.  
   - Use `o` for the bars, a horizontal line two spaces past the last bar, and write category names vertically below.

> 8. The chart function will be tested with up to four categories.  

Reviewer: this does not look like a user story, 8 and 9 seems to be continuations of 7, not user stories of their own

Author: Thank you for providing all of these thoughtful suggestions. I will make the necessary changes and let you know once I have pushed them

   groceries               -10.15
   restaurant and more foo -15.89
   Transfer to Clothing    -50.00
   Total: 923.96
   ```

9. You should have a function **outside the `Category` class** named `create_spend_chart(categories)` that returns a bar-chart string titled `Percentage spent by category`. 
   - Calculate percentages from withdrawals only, and it should be the percentage of the amount spent for each category to the total spent for all categories (rounded to the nearest 10).
   - Label the y-axis from `100` down to `0` in steps of 10.
   - Use `o` for the bars, include a horizontal line two spaces past the last bar, and write category names vertically below.
   - This function will be tested with up to four categories.
   - Make sure to match the spacing of the example output exactly:

   ```bash
   Percentage spent by category
   100|          
   90|          
   80|          
   70|          
   60| o        
   50| o        
   40| o        
   30| o        
   20| o  o     
   10| o  o  o  
    0| o  o  o  
      ----------
       F  C  A  
       o  l  u  
       o  o  t  
       d  t  o  
          h     
          i     
          n     

>           g

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          g     
```

This function will be tested with up to four categories.

Look at the example output below very closely and make sure the spacing of the output matches the example exactly.

```bash
Percentage spent by category
100|          
 90|          
 80|          
 70|          
 60| o        
 50| o        
 40| o        
 30| o        
 20| o  o     
 10| o  o  o  
  0| o  o  o  
    ----------
     F  C  A  
     o  l  u  
     o  o  t  
     d  t  o  
        h     
        i     
        n     
        g     

> ```

Reviewer: this example should also be included
